First draft of Monitoring plugin feature. (#282)
Opster/opensearch-k8s-operator: docs/userguide/main.md

  roles:
  - sample-role
```

## Adding Opensearch Monitoring to your cluster

> The operator allows you to install the Aiven monitoring for OpenSearch on your cluster as a build in feature (https://github.com/aiven/prometheus-exporter-plugin-for-opensearch)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The operator allows you to install and enable the Aiven monitoring plugin for OpenSearch on your cluster as a built-in feature (https://github.com/aiven/prometheus-exporter-plugin-for-opensearch)
```

> That feature is needed Online connectivity to download the plugin. if you are working at offline ENV, please download and store where you have access that zip (https://github.com/aiven/prometheus-exporter-plugin-for-opensearch/releases/download/2.3.0.0/prometheus-exporter-2.3.0.0.zip).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That feature needs internet connectivity to download the plugin. if you are working in a restricted environment, please 
download the plugin zip for your cluster version (example for 2.3.0: https://github.com/aiven/prometheus-exporter-plugin-for-opensearch/releases/download/2.3.0.0/prometheus-exporter-2.3.0.0.zip) and provide it at a location the operator can reach. Configure that URL as `pluginURL` in the monitoring config.
```

> after that please insert the new URL under offlinePlugin key.

Reviewer: Missing documentation on the monitoringUser. Should also mention the needed permissions if a custom opensearch user is used and that it defaults to the cluster admin user.

Author: about the perms, im not sure that i know which perms are needed for it..
will check that

```yaml
apiVersion: opensearch.opster.io/v1
kind: OpensearchUserRoleBinding
metadata:
  name: sample-urb
spec:
  opensearchCluster:
    name: my-first-cluster
    namespace: default
  general:
    monitoring:
      enable: true

>       internval: 10s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      interval: 30s
```

  roles:
  - sample-role
```

## Adding Opensearch Monitoring to your cluster

The operator allows you to install the Aiven monitoring for OpenSearch on your cluster as a build in feature (https://github.com/aiven/prometheus-exporter-plugin-for-opensearch)
That feature is needed Online connectivity to download the plugin. if you are working at offline ENV, please download and store where you have access that zip (https://github.com/aiven/prometheus-exporter-plugin-for-opensearch/releases/download/2.3.0.0/prometheus-exporter-2.3.0.0.zip).
after that please insert the new URL under offlinePlugin key.
```yaml
apiVersion: opensearch.opster.io/v1
kind: OpensearchUserRoleBinding
metadata:
  name: sample-urb

> spec:

Reviewer: My comment is still valid, the yaml shown here is inconsistent and invalid.
